Storyboard for ALL project

Insert here

activities (and the contexts within which they take place) establish
requirements for technologies that in turn offer opportunities that
change the nature of activities

People

People are of different physical needs - sight, height etc.

Anthropometrics is the ’measurement of man’, for this project it doesn’t
seem to relevant as there won’t be a physical delivery.

Fitts law is about the time that it takes to reach certain functions.
This might be useful to reference as something ’to think about’ when
designing the GUI locations, and the way that they’re arranged.

The formula is -

$$T = k \log_2 (\frac{D}{S} + 0.5)$$

#### Mental models

People are used to certain designs and methods of input such that it
would make sense to model the design on things that have already been
implemented.

For the model to be useful the person needs to be able to intuit how it
functions, visual responsiveness would be good for this as it is more
intuitive. Eg to have a slider with colours that react would be better
than having a input box for HEX values. Most users aren’t going to know
what hexadecimal values are suitable for colours whereas a simple slider
is familiar and intuitive.

#### Groups of people

homogeneous groups of people – groups who are broadly similar and want
to do much the same things – is quite different from designing for
heterogeneous groups.

Websites need to be heterogeneous, whereas an intranet can be
homogeneous.

Activity {#sec:label}
========

First and foremost, the designer should focus on the overall purpose of
the activity. After that the main features are:

- Temporal aspects (items 1–4) - Cooperation (5) - Complexity (6) -
Safety-critical (7 and 8) - The nature of the content (9 and 10).

#### Response time

As a general rule people expect a response time of about 100
milliseconds for hand–eye coordination activities and one second for a
cause– effect relationship such as clicking a button and something
happening Anything more than five seconds and they will feel frustrated
and confused (Dix, 2003).

#### safety critical

the activities that we’re implementing aren’t deemed as safety critical.

#### media required

media that an activity requires. A simple twotone display of numeric
data demands a very different design from a full-motion multimedia
display. — we’re obviously going to need to have full colour for our
activity.

Context {#sec:label}
=======

It is important to consider the range of contexts and environments in
which activities can take place. – our context is always going to be on
a personal computer, it won’t be developed to support functioning on
mobile devices or any other input formats that mouse or keyboard.

#### physical env

this isn’t as important for the purposes of this project either as the
condition will always be fixed. It’s always going to be used on a PC -
this is the scope for this assignment.

#### social context

the context socially isn’t too relevant either. The activity is always
going to be taking place at a PC. There isn’t any personal data or
privacy issues to be concerned with here.

Technology {#sec:label}
==========

#### Input

the input of the information is going to be done through - this is just
going to be the keyboard and the mouse as the project isn’t being
developed for anything other than the PC. If we were also making it for
module applications considerations such as touch and screen size would
also factor into the process of UI design. For our purposes though the
input type is going to be purely that of the keyboard and mouse. Both of
which are familiar means of inputting information to the expected user.

Output  {#sec:label}
=======

#### Screen visualization

the output of the program is going to be visual as it will display the
different algorithms that are employed.

#### Sound

We’re not currently planning to use any sound in the development of the
program, though perhaps this is something that might be added at a later
stage if it’s felt that the inclusion of it would make the experience
more engaging or better communicate the algorithms that are employed.

#### haptic feedback

this is definitely something that’s not going to be used for the A.L.L
simulation project. Though some applications of it could be interesting
such as sending out an SMS with a report of the algorithms run time and
what happened. Perhaps even the functionality of the person being able
to set the algorithms to run and then return when they’d finished. An
sms / email service would provide a physical feedback to this process
about when the task was completed.

#### WiFi connectivity

I’m not sure that we need this so much, although if we’re going to do
anything with the email / sms functionality (or web scraping) then it
would make sense for this to be in place. Perhaps there could be some
kind of visual check on the start-up of the program that ensured that
the network was responding.

Content {#sec:label}
=======

#### Content display

as the project is a simulation it’s important that the content is
presented in such a way that the algorithms used are easy to
differentiate between visually. If the simulation was just to output the
results of the algorithms then it would be difficult to get a feel of
how the algorithms actually worked; the only data would be which of them
was the best.

Scoping a problem with PACT {#sec:label}
===========================

#### Domain

- whats the domain of the project?
